[Autogenerated] Now what we need to do is to package I will
Web application and user this interface,
this web interface to deploy it by hand.
So let us go back to eclipse check.
I will run configuration called Web Back Asia.
Maybe what we can do is Adah the package gold between the cleaner on
the war to make sure that everything is compiled properly to package
our war filer apply runner As usual,
the Maven Gola has been runner and the Maven Dash Web Dash zero does one.
That war has been created and added to the target subdirectory.
So let us just copy all this reduced this console.
Go back in our way replication A and deploy this war
file by clicking this button here.
Our war filer is just this Warner, Let us open it.
Deploy!
After a few seconds,
we have ah successfully deployed A I were Web application in Tomcat.
Let us control click this in a new tab.
This is the welcome page of our web application.
And if I type in a user dash list, you will see our list of users.
This is great.
So we have deployed our application manually in a Tomcat remote server. Now what we need to do is to connect a cliffs in debug mode er to this server.